General Ye is finally here
Your time has come to die
Wind and rain man, you are waiting to welcome
Take the anger of the Governor and General Ye
Welcome the consent of the headquarters lord
General Ye
What are you doing?
Yingfenglou security is not good
Let a crazy woman who doesn't know how to live or die
Fishing in mixed waters entered Yingfeng Building
And defiled General One
Please forgive me
Crazy woman yes
It's this crazy woman
Looking for people like a mad dog
Not only did he injure the Governor's sister
And run wild and rude
Arrogantly sitting on the general chair
Also threatened to say
The Governor is here to kneel and talk to him
General Ye can only stand when he arrives
Your master is right
I can testify to him
I can also testify
And me and me and me
You will also order
Severe punishment
import effect
Is that right, Governor Sun?
How did you ever get it?
I'll handle it.